### Exercise 1.6

Most versions of Lisp provide `and` and `or` procedures like the ones on page 19. In principle there is no reason why these can’t be ordinary procedures, but some versions of Lisp make them special forms. Suppose, for example, we evaluate
`(or (= x 0) (= y 0) (= z 0))`
If `or` is an ordinary procedure, all three argument expressions will be evaluated before `or` is invoked. But if the variable `x` has the value `0`, we know that the entire expression has to be true regardless of the values of `y` and `z`. A Lisp interpreter in which `or` is a special form can evaluate the arguments one by one until either a true one is found or it runs out of arguments.
Your mission is to devise a test that will tell you whether Scheme’s `and` and `or` are special forms or ordinary functions. This is a somewhat tricky problem, but it’ll get you thinking about the evaluation process more deeply than you otherwise might.
Why might it be advantageous for an interpreter to treat `or` as a special form and evaluate its arguments one at a time? Can you think of reasons why it might be advantageous to treat `or` as an ordinary function?

```Lisp
(or #t (/ 0 0))
```
This determines if `or` is a special form. If it is, `or` will return true, and not evaluate the second argument. If it is an ordinary procedure, it will error because of division by `0`.

It is advantageous to have `or` as a special form because you can have arguments that would only make sense if the previous condition is true (or false in the case of `and`).

```Lisp
(or (= sent '()) (= (first sent) 'd))
```
Treating `or` as an ordinary function could be useful to assert that all conditions do not cause errors. The division by zero example could cause a future error if the previous condition is false in a specific scenario.
